README.md, before:

# Mario Schulte Table
***
 
## Table of Contents:
* [What does it do and what does it need to fulfill?](#what-does-it-do-and-what-does-it-need-to-fulfill)
* [Functionality of Project](#functionality-of-project)
* [User Experience](#user-experience)
   * [User Stories](#user-stories)
   * [Design](#design)
       * [1. Font](#1-font)
       * [2. Color Scheme](#2-color-scheme)
       * [3. Logo](#3-logo)
       * [4. Geometry](#4-geometry)
       * [5. Wireframing](#5-wireframing)
* [Technology Used](#technology-used)
* [Database](#database)
* [Features](#features)
   * [Future Features](#future-features)
* [Testing](#testing)
   * [Defensive Design](#defensive-design)
* [Deployment](#deployment)
* [Credits](#credits)
   * [Special Thanks & Acknowledgements](#special-thanks--acknowledgements)
 
***
 
## Welcome to Mario Schulte Table!
 
![show final site image here](assets/docs/image.png)
 
***
 
## What does it do and what does it need to fulfill?

Mario Schulte Table is a game website to train the brain. It is mainly used to upgrade the user's reading skills to a higher level. Exercises with schulte tables is very benefitial to improve peripheral visual perception that can be useful on a daily basis, most importantly in aiming speed reading.

 
![show favicon site image here](assets/docs/image.png)
 
### Functionality of Project

The goal of the game is not to get a high score nor to finish it in the least amount of time. It's aimed to widen the peripheral vision concentrating the eye in one single spot in the table. Just in the center of the table without moving the eye away from that spot.

[Back to top](#table-of-contents)
 
## User Experience:
 
#### User Stories:
_Generic (Guest/Public) User:_
* As a Generic User, I want to...
   * use applications for every age and gender.
   * to train the brain by playing

 
_Registers (Logged in) User:_
* As a Registered User, I want to...
   * to improve reading skills and concentration everyday
   * to continuously train the eye peripheral vision
   * be able to log daily achievements to see one's improvement
   * to increase level to gain a better outcome
 
_Developer:_
* As a Developer, I want to...
   * learn to code using different languages
   * be able to build a very useful and attractive app for all users
 
#### Design
 
##### 1. Font
The font used in the website is from Google fonts:
   * __Bungee__ for the heading
   * __Orbitron__ for the rest of the text to give it some vintage gaming vibes 

 
##### 2. Color Scheme
Basic colors are chosen for the website color scheme following the colors from the Super Mario games: red, blue, green, yellow, white and black.
 
![Color Scheme](assets/images/mario-color-scheme.png)
 
##### 3. Logo
The chosen logo for this project is the main character from the Super Mario game, Mario himself. I added some more icon logos for the buttons of the main page of the game: the mystery box and the Super mushroom. I used digital illustration app to make the the logo.

I chose the main heading of the game as the home button to make it simpler.
 
![Super Mario](assets/images/mario-image.png)
 
##### 4. Geometry
 
The main purpose of the game is to force the eye to concentrate in one spot, which is the center of the table, so the game table has to stay at the center of the screen to focus the eye so the user doesn't get distracted by the background or any other element of the page. The background is from the Super Mario main setting. It wraps the whole table but is not stretched out to maintain the purpose of the game. It’s illustrated using a digital application, and the colors are softened up a bit so that it doesn’t come into conflict with the foreground elements. 

 
##### 5. Wireframing
 
Bringing plans come into life using Balsamiq Wireframes.

The homepage
![Wireframe homepage](assets/images/wireframe-homepage.png)

The schulte table
![Wireframe game table](assets/images/wireframe-gametable.png)

[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
 
## Technology Used
 
#### Languages, Frameworks, Editors & Version Control:
 
* add notes here on techstack...
 
#### Tools Used:
 
* add notes here on tools used to assist in developing the project...
 
## Database
 
#### Database Schema:
 
Detail the db schema here (if applicable)....images, thoughts behind fks etc
 
## Features
 
The project boasts several key features:
* Create: ...
 
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
 
#### Future Features:
 
* Detail future implementations here...
 
## Testing
 
Testing was ...
 
#### Found Bugs and Fixes:
 
During manual testing...
 
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
 
#### Defensive Design
 
Defensive design for this application was...
 
## Deployment
 
Detail deployment here...
 
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
 
## Credits
 
* Detail credits
 
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
 
#### Special Thanks & Acknowledgements:
 
* Team 11 🤜
 
###### <i>Disclaimer: This project was created for educational use only as part of Portfolio Project 2</i>
 
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

Commit message:

Add more content of README

README.md, after:

# Mario Schulte Table
***
 
## Table of Contents:
* [What does it do and what does it need to fulfill?](#what-does-it-do-and-what-does-it-need-to-fulfill)
* [Functionality of Project](#functionality-of-project)
* [User Experience](#user-experience)
   * [User Stories](#user-stories)
   * [Design](#design)
       * [1. Font](#1-font)
       * [2. Color Scheme](#2-color-scheme)
       * [3. Logo](#3-logo)
       * [4. Geometry](#4-geometry)
       * [5. Wireframing](#5-wireframing)
* [Technology Used](#technology-used)
* [Database](#database)
* [Features](#features)
   * [Future Features](#future-features)
* [Testing](#testing)
   * [Defensive Design](#defensive-design)
* [Deployment](#deployment)
* [Credits](#credits)
   * [Special Thanks & Acknowledgements](#special-thanks--acknowledgements)
 
***
 
## Welcome to Mario Schulte Table!
 
![show final site image here](assets/docs/image.png)
 
***
 
## What does it do and what does it need to fulfill?

Mario Schulte Table is a game website to train the brain. It is mainly used to upgrade the user's reading skills to a higher level. Exercises with schulte tables is very benefitial to improve peripheral visual perception that can be useful on a daily basis, most importantly in aiming speed reading.

#### Favicon
This is the favicon used in this project.

![Favicon](assets/images/favicon-icon.png)
 
### Functionality of Project

The goal of the game is not to get a high score nor to finish it in the least amount of time. It's aimed to widen the peripheral vision concentrating the eye in one single spot in the table. Just in the center of the table without moving the eye away from that spot.

[Back to top](#table-of-contents)
 
## User Experience:
 
#### User Stories:
_Generic (Guest/Public) User:_
* As a Generic User, I want to...
   * use applications for every age and gender.
   * to train the brain by playing

 
_Registers (Logged in) User:_
* As a Registered User, I want to...
   * to improve reading skills and concentration everyday
   * to continuously train the eye peripheral vision
   * be able to log daily achievements to see one's improvement
   * to increase level to gain a better outcome
 
_Developer:_
* As a Developer, I want to...
   * learn to code using different languages
   * be able to build a very useful and attractive app for all users
 
#### Design
 
##### 1. Font
The font used in the website is from Google fonts:
   * __Bungee__ for the heading
   * __Orbitron__ for the rest of the text to give it some vintage gaming vibes 

 
##### 2. Color Scheme
Basic colors are chosen for the website color scheme following the colors from the Super Mario games: red, blue, green, yellow, white and black.
 
![Color Scheme](assets/images/mario-color-scheme.png)
 
##### 3. Logo
The chosen logo for this project is the main character from the Super Mario game, Mario himself. I added some more icon logos for the buttons of the main page of the game: the mystery box and the Super mushroom. I used digital illustration app to make the the logo.

I chose the main heading of the game as the home button to make it simpler.
 
![Super Mario](assets/images/mario-image.png)
 
##### 4. Geometry
 
The main purpose of the game is to force the eye to concentrate in one spot, which is the center of the table, so the game table has to stay at the center of the screen to focus the eye so the user doesn't get distracted by the background or any other element of the page. The background is from the Super Mario main setting. It wraps the whole table but is not stretched out to maintain the purpose of the game. It’s illustrated using a digital application, and the colors are softened up a bit so that it doesn’t come into conflict with the foreground elements. 

 
##### 5. Wireframing
 
Bringing plans come into life using Balsamiq Wireframes.

The homepage
![Wireframe homepage](assets/images/wireframe-homepage.png)

The schulte table
![Wireframe game table](assets/images/wireframe-gametable.png)

[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
 
## Technology Used
 
#### Languages, Frameworks, Editors & Version Control:

* Tech stack used
   * __[HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML) (HyperText Markup Language)__ for the basic structure and content for building a website.
   * __[CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) (Cascading Style Sheet)__ for styling the elements of the website.
   * __[JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)__ for interactivity of the website.

* Version control
   - [GITHUB](https://github.com)

* Editor used
   - [Gitpod](https://gitpod.com) is used as the editor for this project.

### Tools Used:
 
* __Balsamiq Wireframes__ to make the wireframes of this project.
* __[MediBang Paint](https://medibangpaint.com/en/)__ for the digital illustrations of this project.

 
## Features
 
The project boasts several key features:
* Create: ...
 
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
 
#### Future Features:
 
* Detail future implementations here...
 
## Testing
 
Testing was ...
 
#### Found Bugs and Fixes:
 
During manual testing...
 
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
 
#### Defensive Design
 
The first thing that is loaded in the site is a guide for first time players.

The fom to create a player's profile is short, simple and intuitive, with placeholders for the user. The birth year input area only accepts numbers. 

All files are named according to their purpose. The code is labeled for easy access and well indented for readability. All functions in the script are documented using docstrings for future maintainability and debugging.

Images use alt text in case they don't load. Tested and deployed.

Overall, the design is simple, easy to navigate and with a touch of vintage gaming vibes to attract more users.

 
## Deployment
 
Detail deployment here...
 
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
 
## Credits
 
* Detail credits
 
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
 
#### Special Thanks & Acknowledgements:
 
* Team 11 🤜
 
###### <i>Disclaimer: This project was created for educational use only as part of Portfolio Project 2</i>
 
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
